introduction of partner network connect (#1349)
digitalocean/terraform-provider-digitalocean: docs/data-sources/partner_network_connect.md

DigitalOcean account. This is useful if the Partner Network Connect in question is not managed by
Terraform or you need to utilize any of the Partner Network Connect's data.

Partner Network Connect may be looked up by `id` or `name`.

## Example Usage

### Partner Network Connect By Id

```hcl
data "digitalocean_partner_network_connect" "example" {
  id = "example-id"
}
```

### Partner Network Connect By Name

```hcl
data "digitalocean_partner_network_connect" "example" {
  name = "example-pia"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported and are mutually exclusive:

* `id` - The unique identifier of an existing Partner Network Connect.
* `name` - The name of an existing Partner Network Connect.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - The unique identifier of an existing Partner Network Connect.
* `name` - The name of the Partner Network Connect.
* `connection_bandwidth_in_mbps` - The bandwidth in megabits per second of the connection.
* `region` - The region where the Partner Network Connect is located.
* `naas_provider` - The network as a service provider for the Partner Network Connect.

> * `vpc_ids` - The list of VPC IDs involved in the partner interconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vpc_ids` - The list of VPC IDs involved in the partner network connect.
```
